About your project
Name - Daniel Giaime
Your section - 04


Description of World:  
What kind of environment is your world?  What does it look like?  
        My world is a costal area, with two main areas of land, One is more island like, while the other is a solid brick of terrain.

World Exploration:  
How will a user explore your world?  How many cameras are there and which views will they display?  The more 
cameras you include and the easier I can see your world, the better!  
        The user will switch between existing cameras to see the world. There are three cameras in the world,
        each focused on one of the three behaviors. Users will press "R" to switch between these cameras.


Steering Behavior Description
Flocking:  
Describe which population are your flockers, and how they are continually moving throughout the world.
        The tiny pirate men are the flockers, moving around between knee-level ocean and ground.
        The tiny pirate men try to avoid the octopi circling them when nearby.

Path Following:  
Describe which population are your path followers.  Where are they going?  Why did you design your 
path the way you did?  
        The path followers are Octopi, circling the land area where the tiny pirates are stranded.
        The path was chosen to be around these pirates to appear to be encircling them,
        as well as because it is entirely underwater so it fits the Octopi's logical environment.

Flow Field Following: 
Describe which population are your flow field followers.  Include a short explanation of how your flow 
field vectors were calculated.
        Flow field follows are slow seagulls flying above the chunk of land.
        Flow field is calculated by taking perlin noise for floats form 0-1, multiplying by 360,
        and rotating a unit vector by that much to get a randomly directly vector.

Area(s) of Resistance:  
Where are your areas of resistance?  Which of your populations are moving through this area?  What is 
the effect on that population?
        The area of resistance is the water, and only affects the tiny pirates.
        Whilst in the area of resistance, tiny pirates will move at 20% speed.

Resources
Resources used to guide steering algorithms:  
Which resources did you use to guide you as you coded these behaviors?  How close are your algorithms 
to the way that resource described the process?  
        I used no resources for this, as I have done similar things in the past.
        I reused the Flocking code from the original Flocking project, where my code was written to base
        force strengths on distances, which ended up working very well.

Asset Resources:  
List all resources for your models, textures, sound clips, etc. even if you made them yourself.  
        Every Model and animation - https://www.assetstore.unity3d.com/en/#!/content/18880
        Every script otherwise - myself

Other
Other notes:  
Anything you need me to know about your project.
        No debug lines are shown for the fluid resistance since I wasn't sure how to represent that all water slowed pirates.

